HOW TO START AND STOP QUMULO ALERTS

STARTING QUMULO ALERTS

There are two possible scenario's for starting Qumulo Alerts and they depend upon how you
are logged into your Linux distro.

Qumulo Alerts needs to run as root for correct operation. So, if you are logged in as
anything other than root, then you should start Qumulo Alerts by typing the following:

1) sudo ./start-docker-qumulo-alerts.sh

If you are logged in as root, then the command is:

1) ./start-docker-qumulo-alerts.sh

STOPPING QUMULO ALERTS

Much like starting Qumulo Alerts, stopping Qumulo Alerts depends on whether you are logged
in as root or not.

1) sudo ./stop-docker-qumulo-alerts.sh  (NOT logged in as root)
2) ./stop-docker-qumulo-alerts.sh       (logged in as root)

RUNNING ALERTS CLI PROGRAM

There are are five different distro's for the Alerts CLI program. Each distro is
based upon the type of system you are running on.

1) Mac - alerts.macos-latest
2) Ubuntu 20 - alerts.ubuntu-20.04
3) Ubuntu 22 - alerts.ubuntu-latest
4) Windows - alerts.windows-latest
5) Redhat 8 - alerts.redhat-8

In order to communicate with Qumulo Alerts, find the correct alerts CLI program based
upon your distro. If you are running on a Mac, Redhat, or Ubuntu, the easiest way to
run the alerts CLI would be to create a symbolic link to the correct distro. For instance,
if you are running on Ubuntu 20, the correct command would be:

1) ln -s ./alerts.ubuntu-20.04 alerts

Finally, make sure that you have set the execute permission on the CLI program. Using
the above example, the command would be:

1) sudo chmod u+x alerts.ubuntu-20.04 (not logged in as root)
2) chmod u+x alerts.ubuntu-20.04 (logged in a root)

WINDOWS VERSION OF ALERTS CLI

Copy the alerts.windows-latest.exe to your Windows machine

In order to run the Windows version of Alerts CLI, you will need to make sure that you
use the --host option on the CLI. So, if Qumulo Alerts is running on the machine called
"ac1-100g.somecompany.net", the command to run the Windows Alerts CLI would be:

1) alerts.windows-latest.exe --host ac1-100g.somecompany.net SUBCOMMAND OPTIONS

Let's take an example and login to Qumulo Alerts. The command would be:

1) alerts.windows-latest.exe --host ac1-100g.somecompany.net login -u admin



